docs: updates and improvements to integration section (#6438)
cosmos/ibc-go: docs/docs/01-ibc/02-integration.md

Integrating the IBC module to your SDK-based application is straightforward. The general changes can be summarized in the following steps:

- [Define additional `Keeper` fields for the new modules on the `App` type](#add-application-fields-to-app).
- [Add the module's `StoreKey`s and initialize their `Keeper`s](#configure-the-keepers).
- [Set up IBC router and add route for the `transfer` module](#register-module-routes-in-the-ibc-router).
- [Grant permissions to `transfer`'s `ModuleAccount`](#module-account-permissions).
- [Add the modules to the module `Manager`](#module-manager-and-simulationmanager).
- [Update the module `SimulationManager` to enable simulations](#module-manager-and-simulationmanager).
- [Integrate light client modules (e.g. `07-tendermint`)](#integrating-light-clients).

> - [Add modules to `Begin/EndBlockers` and `InitGenesis`](#Application ABCI ordering).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Add modules to `Begin/EndBlockers` and `InitGenesis`](#application-abci-ordering).
```

All light clients must be registered with `module.Manager` in a chain's app.go file.

The following code example shows how to instantiate `07-tendermint` light client module and register its `ibctm.AppModule`.

```go title="app.go"
import (
  // other imports
  // ...
  "github.com/cosmos/cosmos-sdk/types/module"
  // highlight-next-line
+ ibctm "github.com/cosmos/ibc-go/v8/modules/light-clients/07-tendermint"
)

// app.go
// after sealing the IBC router

clientRouter := app.IBCKeeper.ClientKeeper.GetRouter()

tmLightClientModule := ibctm.NewLightClientModule(
  appCodec, 
  authtypes.NewModuleAddress(govtypes.ModuleName).String(),
)
clientRouter.AddRoute(ibctm.ModuleName, &tmLightClientModule)

app.ModuleManager = module.NewManager(
  // ...
  capability.NewAppModule(appCodec, *app.CapabilityKeeper, false),
  ibc.NewAppModule(app.IBCKeeper),
  transfer.NewAppModule(app.TransferKeeper), // i.e ibc-transfer module

  // register light clients on IBC
  // highlight-next-line
+ ibctm.NewAppModule(tmLightClientModule),
)
```

### Application ABCI ordering

> One addition from IBC is the concept of `HistoricalEntries` which are stored on the Cosmos SDK `x/staking` module.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
One addition from IBC is the concept of `HistoricalInfo` which is stored in the Cosmos SDK `x/staking` module. The number of records stored by `x/staking` is controlled by the `HistoricalEntries` parameter which stores `HistoricalInfo` on a per height basis.
```

> Each entry contains the historical information for the `Header` and `ValidatorSet` of this chain which is stored
> at each height during the `BeginBlock` call. The historical info is required to introspect the
> past historical info at any given height in order to verify the light client `ConsensusState` during the
> connection handshake.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Each entry contains the historical information for the `Header` and `ValidatorSet` of this chain which is stored
at each height during the `BeginBlock` call. The `HistoricalInfo` is required to introspect a blockchain's prior state at a given height in order to verify the light client `ConsensusState` during the
connection handshake. Note that this construct is specific to `07-tendermint` light client implementations.
```
